unknown	How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
what	What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
unknown	How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
what	What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
what	What is the full form of .com ?
who	What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
who	What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
what	What is the oldest profession ?
what	What are liver enzymes ?
who	Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
when	When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
unknown	Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
who	Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
who	Who killed Gandhi ?
what	What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
unknown	What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
what	What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
unknown	How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
what	What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
what	What is an annotated bibliography ?
when	What is the date of Boxing Day ?
what	What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
who	Name 11 famous martyrs .
what	What 's the Olympic motto ?
what	What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
what	What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
who	Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
what	What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
what	Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
what	Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
what	What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
what	What does a spermologer collect ?
unknown	How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
who	Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
unknown	How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
what	What do Mormons believe ?
when	When did the neanderthal man live ?
what	In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
unknown	Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
what	What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
unknown	How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
what	What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
unknown	How many people in the world speak French ?
unknown	How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
unknown	How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
who	What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
what	What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
who	What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
unknown	How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
what	What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
unknown	What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
what	What is ethology ?
who	Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
what	Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
who	Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
what	What is the nature of learning ?
what	What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
what	What 's the term for a young fox ?
unknown	What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
what	What is the Kashmir issue ?
unknown	Where is the Loop ?
what	What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
unknown	What country 's capital is Tirana ?
what	What is titanium ?
who	Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
unknown	Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with Los Angeles ?
what	What is a caldera ?
unknown	Why do people get calluses ?
unknown	What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
unknown	What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
unknown	What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
who	Who is the founder of Scientology ?
what	What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
what	What is the history of skateboarding ?
who	Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
unknown	How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
who	What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
what	The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
unknown	How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
unknown	What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
what	What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
unknown	How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
what	What is the origin of head lice ?
unknown	What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
what	What was the first domesticated bird ?
unknown	How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
unknown	What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
what	What is a fear of shadows ?
who	Who were the five Marx brothers ?
when	In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
when	When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
unknown	What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what	What are bear and bull markets ?
what	What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
what	What is `` dew point '' ?
what	What is the meaning of Jesus ?
who	What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
what	What is the definition of a cascade ?
when	When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
unknown	What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
who	Who invented Make-up ?
what	What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
what	What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
what	What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
who	Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
who	Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
unknown	How do you make a paintball ?
unknown	What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
what	What is a female rabbit called ?
unknown	Where is the highest point in Japan ?
what	Where do chihuahuas come from ?
unknown	Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
unknown	What are the world 's four oceans ?
what	What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what	What is the largest snake in the world ?
what	In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
unknown	Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
unknown	How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
what	What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
what	What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
unknown	Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
what	Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
unknown	How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
unknown	How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
unknown	How do chickens have baby chicks ?
what	What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
unknown	How was the element calcium named ?
who	What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
who	What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
when	When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
what	What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
what	What is a transistor ?
what	What is a film starring Jude Law ?
what	What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
what	What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
unknown	How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
who	What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
what	What are equity securities ?
what	What is gymnophobia ?
unknown	How many years do fossils take to form ?
unknown	Where is the Orinoco ?
what	What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
unknown	What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
what	What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
what	What is the origin of the word , JJ .
unknown	How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
unknown	How you can raise your IQ ?
what	What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
who	Who produces Spumante ?
who	Who earns their money the hard way ?
who	Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
who	What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
unknown	How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
who	Who discovered electricity ?
what	What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
who	Who was the first American in space ?
unknown	What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
what	What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
what	What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
what	What is a dental root canal ?
what	What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
when	What is the busiest air travel season ?
what	What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
what	What are hook worms ?
unknown	Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
who	Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
who	Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
unknown	What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
when	In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
unknown	How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
unknown	Where are the 49 steps ?
when	In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
who	Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
who	Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
what	On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
who	What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
what	Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
unknown	Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
unknown	How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
unknown	What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
unknown	Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
what	What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
who	What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
what	What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
unknown	Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
what	What is the 401 , K , plan ?
unknown	What causes pneumonia ?
when	What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
what	What does gringo mean ?
unknown	What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
what	What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
unknown	Where is the Kalahari desert ?
who	Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
unknown	What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
what	What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
who	Who created Dennis the Menace ?
who	What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
when	When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
unknown	What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
unknown	How do I start a web based business ?
who	Name Alvin 's brothers
what	What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
unknown	How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
when	When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
who	What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
who	What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
when	CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
what	What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
unknown	What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
who	Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
what	What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
what	What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
unknown	What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
unknown	How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
unknown	What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
unknown	How many species of sharks are there ?
what	What is `` snoogans '' ?
unknown	How many people are there in the world ?
what	What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
who	What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
what	What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
what	What does S.O.S. stand for ?
what	Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
what	What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
what	What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
what	What four forms does gold occur in ?
unknown	What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
unknown	How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
when	When did beethoven die ?
unknown	How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
unknown	What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
what	What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
who	What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
unknown	What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
who	Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
unknown	How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
unknown	What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
unknown	Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
what	What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
who	What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
what	What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
what	What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
unknown	How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
what	What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
unknown	Where was George Washington born ?
unknown	How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
who	Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
what	What is paracetamol ?
what	What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
what	Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
when	When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
who	What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
what	What is the origin of the name Katie ?
who	What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
when	When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
who	Who is Terrence Malick ?
what	What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
what	What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
what	What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
unknown	What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
when	When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
what	CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
when	When did World War I start ?
unknown	How many feet are there in a fathom ?
what	What is a Canada two-penny black ?
unknown	What European city do Nicois live in ?
unknown	How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
what	What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
what	To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
who	Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
what	What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
what	What did brontosauruses eat ?
what	What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
who	Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
who	Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
who	Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
what	What is molybdenum ?
when	When is Boxing Day ?
what	What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
when	When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
unknown	How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
what	What 's the official animal of Canada ?
when	When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
unknown	What is the size of the largest akita ?
what	What animal has the biggest eyes ?
unknown	What is California 's capital ?
who	Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
who	Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
unknown	What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
unknown	How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
what	What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
unknown	Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
what	What do Italians call Florence ?
unknown	How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
what	What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
unknown	What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
what	What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
what	Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
unknown	What city did the Flintstones live in ?
what	What is Latin for incompetent ?
what	What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
who	What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
what	What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
who	Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
what	What is the abbreviation for micro ?
what	What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
who	Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
what	What does NASDAQ stand for ?
what	What is BPH ?
what	What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
unknown	What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
who	Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
unknown	Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
unknown	What was Einstein 's IQ ?
when	What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
who	What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
unknown	What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
what	What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
unknown	What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
who	What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
unknown	How did the tradition of best man start ?
unknown	How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
unknown	What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
what	What are Halloween 's colors ?
unknown	How is silk screening done ?
unknown	What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
who	Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
unknown	Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
who	Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
unknown	How do you match a name to a social security number ?
unknown	How does a rainbow form ?
unknown	What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
unknown	What is the population of Ohio ?
unknown	How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
what	Hazmat stands for what ?
what	What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
who	What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
who	Who followed Caesar ?
what	What are the four elements ?
who	Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
what	What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
unknown	What is Answers.com 's address ?
unknown	Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
who	Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
who	Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
what	What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
who	Who invented the radio ?
unknown	What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
what	What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
unknown	How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
who	Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
unknown	What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
what	What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
who	What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
unknown	What ocean is the largest in the world ?
who	Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
when	What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
unknown	How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
unknown	What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
who	Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
who	Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
what	Define the Pheonix Club ?
unknown	Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
what	What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
what	What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
who	Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
unknown	How successful is arometherapy ?
what	What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
unknown	How does a copier work ?
unknown	What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
who	Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
what	What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
who	Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
unknown	Where does chocolate come from ?
what	What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
who	What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
unknown	Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
what	What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
who	Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
unknown	How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
who	Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
what	What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
unknown	What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
who	Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
unknown	What is the function of RAM ?
unknown	What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
unknown	How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
what	What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
what	What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
what	What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
who	What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
who	What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
what	What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
unknown	Where is Basque country located ?
what	What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
when	What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
what	What is dry ice ?
what	What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
what	What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
unknown	How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
what	What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
unknown	What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
unknown	How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
what	What is the longest-running television series ?
what	What predators exist on Antarctica ?
what	What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
unknown	How is energy created ?
what	What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
unknown	What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
what	What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
what	What are the different types of plastic ?
unknown	How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
unknown	What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
unknown	Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
unknown	What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
when	When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
who	What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
what	What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
unknown	What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
who	What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
unknown	Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
unknown	Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
what	What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
unknown	In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
what	What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
when	What year did Hitler die ?
who	What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
what	What kind of animal is Babar ?
unknown	What is Jane Goodall known for ?
what	What killed Bob Marley ?
unknown	How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
who	Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
who	Who is Stein Eriksen ?
what	What does the name Billie mean ?
who	Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
unknown	What is the highest peak in Africa ?
unknown	Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
unknown	What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
what	What do bicornate animals have two of ?
unknown	What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
what	What is a fear of weakness ?
unknown	How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
unknown	How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
what	What does G.M.T. stand for ?
what	What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
what	What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
what	What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
unknown	How do I tie dye clothes ?
when	When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
unknown	Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
who	What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
who	What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
unknown	Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
unknown	What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
who	Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
unknown	Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
what	What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
what	What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
unknown	Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
unknown	What makes popcorn pop ?
who	Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
what	Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
unknown	What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
who	Who painted Mother and Child ?
unknown	What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
unknown	In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
unknown	What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
what	What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
who	What was Mao 's second name ?
what	What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
unknown	Where do hyenas live ?
who	Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
what	What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
who	Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
what	What are Maid-Rites ?
what	What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
who	What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
unknown	How many referees work a soccer game ?
what	What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
what	How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
what	What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
unknown	What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
when	When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
who	Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
what	What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
what	What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
who	What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
who	What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
unknown	What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
who	What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
what	What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
who	Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
unknown	Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
unknown	How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
who	What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
what	What is the Jewish bible called ?
unknown	Why is the grass green ?
what	What is a firewall ?
who	What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
who	Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
unknown	How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
who	Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
unknown	What was known as the Spice Island ?
who	Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
who	Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
what	What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
what	What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
who	Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
unknown	McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
what	What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what	What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
unknown	What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
what	What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
what	What do economists do ?
unknown	What country has the largest sheep population ?
what	What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
unknown	What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
unknown	How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
what	What does SIDS stand for ?
what	What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
unknown	How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
unknown	What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
unknown	What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
what	What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
who	Who is the president of Stanford University ?
who	Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
what	What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
unknown	What city is Logan Airport in ?
what	What is a nanometer ?
unknown	How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
when	When did CNN go on the air ?
unknown	What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
what	What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
who	Who invented baseball ?
unknown	How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
what	What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
unknown	How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
unknown	What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
what	What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
unknown	How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
what	Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
who	Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
what	What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
what	What is a fear of thunder ?
what	What animal has killed the most people ?
unknown	How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
unknown	What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
unknown	Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
when	When was the Battle of Hastings ?
what	What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
when	When did Muhammad live ?
what	What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
what	What is a wop ?
what	Where do rocks come from ?
unknown	How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
unknown	Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
who	What is the best college in the country ?
what	What is viscosity ?
what	What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
unknown	What are the Nordic nations ?
unknown	Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
unknown	What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
what	Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
unknown	What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
what	What is a fear of bees ?
what	What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
what	What is a green bog ?
unknown	Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
what	What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
unknown	What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
who	What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
unknown	What attracts tourists to Reims ?
what	What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
what	What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
what	What 's an auberge in France ?
who	Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
unknown	Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
who	What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
what	What does ribavirin consist of ?
what	Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
unknown	What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
who	What was her real name ?
unknown	Why are the ears your center of balance ?
who	Who invented the toothbrush ?
what	What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
unknown	Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
what	What is a fear of being alone ?
unknown	How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
what	What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
what	When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
unknown	How many hearts does an octopus have ?
what	What plant has the largest seed ?
unknown	What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
what	What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
who	What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
what	What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
who	What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
unknown	How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
what	What is the longest word in the English language ?
unknown	In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
who	What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
what	What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
what	Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
what	What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
unknown	What percentage of the body is muscle ?
what	What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
what	What is a golf ball made of ?
what	What is the Amish religion ?
unknown	What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
who	What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
who	Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
who	Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
what	What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
what	What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
what	What animals do you find in the stock market ?
what	What is color ?
when	When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
what	What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
who	What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
unknown	How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
who	Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
unknown	How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
what	What is a Jellicle Cat ?
unknown	Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
unknown	What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
what	What is the second hardest substance ?
unknown	Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
unknown	What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
when	When is Bastille Day ?
unknown	What makes a tornado turn ?
unknown	How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
what	What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
unknown	Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
who	Who is Coronado ?
what	What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
what	What is artificial intelligence ?
what	What do flatfish eat ?
who	Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
what	What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
when	What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
what	What is the origin of the word , magic ?
what	What sport do you shag flies in ?
what	What is white chocolate ?
unknown	Where is Trinidad ?
who	Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
who	Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
what	What kind of wine is Spumante ?
who	Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
what	How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
what	What does the name Gina mean ?
what	What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
unknown	How fast is light ?
what	What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
what	What are shooting stars ?
who	Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
when	When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
unknown	What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
unknown	How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
what	What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
who	Who is Desmond Tutu ?
unknown	Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
what	Name a tiger that is extinct .
unknown	How many quarters equal a pound ?
what	What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
who	What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
what	What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
who	Who is the worst US President ever ?
who	What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
what	What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
unknown	How fast does the fastest car go ?
unknown	What is the highest mountain in the world ?
unknown	What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
who	Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
unknown	How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
unknown	Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
unknown	Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
unknown	How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
unknown	How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
who	Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
what	What is a fear of passing high objects ?
what	What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
who	What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
unknown	Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
what	What is the rarest coin ?
what	What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
unknown	Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
unknown	Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
what	What is a fear of parasites ?
what	In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
who	Who does data collection in tourism ?
who	What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
unknown	What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
what	What does a nihilist believe in ?
what	What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
what	In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
who	Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
what	What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
what	What are amphibians ?
unknown	How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
what	Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
unknown	How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
who	Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
who	Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
unknown	Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
who	What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
what	What is the fear of being loved ?
unknown	What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
what	What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
unknown	How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
unknown	How far can a man travel in outer space ?
unknown	Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
what	What type of food makes you fat ?
what	What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
unknown	What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
what	What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
what	What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what	What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
what	What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
what	What is the plural of gulf ?
who	Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
when	What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
unknown	What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
when	What 's the first day of the week ?
unknown	What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
unknown	What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
who	Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
what	What is Bombay duck ?
unknown	How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
who	What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
unknown	What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
who	What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
unknown	How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
what	What is a virtual IP address ?
who	What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
unknown	What county is Chicago in ?
unknown	What is the wingspan of a condor ?
what	What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
who	Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
unknown	How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
what	What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
what	What color were their horses ?
unknown	What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
who	What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
unknown	How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
what	What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
what	What are the two languages of Malta ?
unknown	How many oceans are there and name them ?
what	What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
unknown	How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
what	What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
what	What does the name Shawn mean ?
unknown	Where is the Danube ?
who	What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
what	What do you call a group of geese ?
who	Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
unknown	How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
unknown	How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
unknown	What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
unknown	What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
unknown	Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
what	What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
unknown	Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
unknown	How do I start a bank ?
unknown	How do Ouija Boards work ?
what	What horse did Zorro ride ?
unknown	How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
unknown	Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
unknown	How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
who	What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
what	Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
unknown	Why did the chicken cross the road ?
who	What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
who	Who is Barbara Jordan ?
who	Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
what	What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
what	What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
what	What is being done about the millennium bug ?
unknown	What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
what	What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
what	What is Olestra ?
unknown	What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
unknown	How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
what	What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
when	When was Hurricane Hugo ?
what	What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
who	What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
unknown	What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
when	When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
what	What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
who	What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
unknown	How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
what	What is prepared mustard ?
who	What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
what	What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
who	What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
what	What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
who	Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
unknown	The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
what	What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
unknown	What is Colin Powell best known for ?
who	Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
unknown	What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
who	What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
what	What is measured in curies ?
who	Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
who	What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
who	What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
what	Italy is the largest producer of what ?
who	What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
what	What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
who	Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
what	What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what	What is Spumante ?
when	In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
what	What is an isthmus ?
what	What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
unknown	Where is Mozambique located ?
what	What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
what	What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
what	What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
unknown	How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
unknown	How do fuel injectors work ?
unknown	How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
who	What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
what	What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
unknown	What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
what	What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
unknown	How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
what	What does NAFTA stand for ?
who	Who invented silly putty ?
who	What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
who	Who patented the first phonograph ?
what	What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
what	What do manatees eat ?
what	How do you say 2 in Latin ?
what	What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
unknown	How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
what	What is November 's birthstone ?
what	What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
unknown	On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
who	Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
what	What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
what	What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
what	What is the longest English word ?
unknown	What is the purpose of a car bra ?
unknown	What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
who	Who is Colin Powell ?
what	What species is a colt ?
what	What is the full name of the PLO ?
unknown	What is the smallest country in Africa ?
who	Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
what	What age followed the Bronze Age ?
what	What is her profession ?
who	What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
what	What does the word LASER mean ?
what	What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
who	Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
what	What is a rhomboideus minor ?
unknown	How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
unknown	How many people died on D-Day ?
who	What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
who	Who created the character of Scrooge ?
unknown	What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
unknown	Where is Windsor Castle ?
when	When did the Dow first reach ?
unknown	Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
who	What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
who	What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
unknown	Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
unknown	What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
what	Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
unknown	What are the Benelux countries ?
unknown	Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
what	What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
unknown	Where is Tornado Alley ?
who	Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
who	What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
unknown	What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
unknown	Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
what	What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
unknown	What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
who	Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
who	Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
what	What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
what	What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
what	What color are school buses ?
unknown	What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
what	What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
who	What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
who	Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
who	Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
what	What are the seven virtues ?
what	What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
when	When was the San Francisco fire ?
what	What is a fear of food ?
unknown	How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
when	What year did the Vietnam War end ?
who	What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
what	What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
unknown	What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
who	What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
unknown	What 's the longest river in the world ?
what	Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
who	What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
when	When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
unknown	How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
when	What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
unknown	What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
unknown	Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
who	Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
unknown	How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
what	Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
unknown	Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
unknown	How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
unknown	What 's the sacred river of India ?
unknown	What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
what	What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
unknown	How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
unknown	Name the largest country in South America .
what	What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
what	What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
who	What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
what	What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
what	What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
unknown	What makes thunder ?
who	What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
what	Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
what	What plant is rum made from ?
unknown	What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
who	Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
what	Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
unknown	What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
unknown	Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
what	What was archy , and mehitabel ?
unknown	What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
what	What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
unknown	What country did the Nile River originate in ?
what	What color are tennis balls ?
who	What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
what	What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
who	Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
what	What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
unknown	What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
unknown	What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
who	Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
what	What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
what	What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
what	What is Australia Day ?
what	What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
what	What was the Chivington Massacre ?
who	What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
unknown	How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
unknown	In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
unknown	Where can I find information on George Bush ?
who	Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
what	What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
what	What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
who	Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
unknown	How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
what	What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
when	When are sheep shorn ?
what	What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
unknown	What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
what	What is the definition of low island ?
when	What century does Captain Video live in ?
what	What types of water pollution are there ?
unknown	How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
what	What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
what	What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
what	What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
what	Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
unknown	Where is Logan Airport ?
what	What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
who	Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
who	What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
who	Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
unknown	What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
what	What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
who	Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
unknown	What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
what	What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
unknown	How do you find oxidation numbers ?
unknown	What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
unknown	What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
what	What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
unknown	How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
who	Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
what	What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
who	Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
what	What are the Greek numerals ?
unknown	What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
what	What is a fear of sleep ?
what	What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
what	What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
what	What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
unknown	How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
unknown	Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
what	What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
who	Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
who	Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
when	What time do you go to bed ?
when	What time is the best to view the sunset ?
when	What 's the best time to visit Hawaii ?
when	What 's the best time to exercise ?
when	When does the train arrive ?
when	What is the best time to visit the Himalayas ?
when	When does the bank open ?
when	When should I buy a new mobile phone ?
when	What time of the year is the best to visit Switzerland ?
when	When does the sun rise tomorrow ?
when	When is the national anthem played ?
when	When will the clock strike twelve ?
when	When was Google founded ?
when	When do Americans celebrate Independence Day ?
yesno	Is this color red ?
yesno	Can you lift this box ?
yesno	Does the sun rise in the easy ?
yesno	Do you know the answer ?
yesno	Did Napolean win the Battle of Waterloo ?
yesno	In the TV Series Game of Thrones does Robert Baratheon survive till the end ?
yesno	Would you like a drink ?
yesno	Will Donald Trump become the president of the United States of America ?
yesno	Do you support Hillary Clinton as the new President ?
yesno	Was United Kingdom 's decision to break from European Union a good call ?
yesno	Should United Kingdom have broken from the European Union ?
yesno	Is it true that the sky is blue ?
yesno	Can the emperor really go out in new clothes ?
yesno	Do you really think that any government is completely honest ?
yesno	Did the clock strike twelve ?
yesno	Did Jack fall off the wall with Jill ?
yesno	Is it correct to say that Columbus discovered America?
yesno	Was the CEO of the Google Larry Page ?
yesno	Have human beings actually descended from the apes ?
yesno	Has India ever won the football world cup ?
yesno	Can Batman defeat Superman ?
yesno	Does the air conditioner in this room work well ?
yesno	Do the girls in the school learn mathematics ?
yesno	Should learning a local language be made compulsory for school students ?
yesno	Is the prince dressed up as a girl ?
yesno	Will the office give a holiday for Christmas ?
yesno	Are you going on a vacation this summer ?
yesno	Would this investment fetch a good return ?
yesno	When the moon rises , does the tide fall ?
yesno	Should the bank obtain a license to operate in rural areas ?
yesno	Does a writer fall in love with the characters he writes ?
yesno	Did the author commit suicide ?
yesno	Will you come to receive me at the airport tomorrow ?
